hey guys welcome back to my channel
today i'm bringing you
another princess polly hall a spring
edition this time
i've done two other princess paulie
hauls in the past but if i'm being
honest with you i think this stuff is my
favorite i
literally am obsessed with everything i
got and i can't wait to share with you
princess paulie ships within the united
states and if your order is over 50
you can get free express shipping
princess poly also
offers after pay to their customers and
you can use my code
riley to get 20 off of your purchase if
there's anything you like from this haul
everything will be linked in the
description and i'll also put my sizes
down there too so you can reference
those we might as well
start with tops because i am wearing a
princess polly top right now
if any of you have watched my videos and
know my friend maddie fisher
she always wears shirts with a boat
neckline so i saw this shirt and i'm
like
this is a maddie fisher shirt and maddie
fisher has the best style so i'm going
to get this shirt so i can be like
maddie fisher the thing that makes this
like a maddie fisher shirt is first of
all the sleeves
and the boat neckline maddie loves a
good bow neckline
print is so cute it's a light blue with
this little white flower pattern on it
and
i just don't have anything like this in
my closet so i am so excited to
add this the next top that i got is this
bodysuit
i love it because the sleeves are like a
wide tank top
i try to steer away from just like tank
tops in general so
this is awesome because it's like
sleeveless but it's like not quite a
tank top i think this would look
so good with just some light wash jeans
or even shorts it'll be really nice to
wear in the summer time i love
the ribbed fabric and the bodysuit
portion is super comfortable
next is this rib crop top i was not
expecting this to be as comfortable as
it is
it's literally so comfortable and i
think it's a great length it hits
like right about at the high waisted
jeans so it's perfect this color
i'm pretty sure this is the camel color
and it's just like a nice burnt orange
they also have this in white and black
and green and a lot of different colors
so if you're just looking for a basic
crop top to pair with anything i
definitely would send you to princess
paulie
i saw this on the website and i'm like
oh that looks really cute it was kind of
like a last minute thing that i added to
my bag but i think it's
so cute and super comfortable it's this
tan top with little
like ruffles on the sleeve which i think
is really cute
and i like pairing like any skin colored
tones with black jeans and so that's
what i
see myself wearing with this shirt
moving on into
the pants and shorts i
cannot tell you how excited i was with
these purchases
i absolutely love them in my college
weekend vlog
i actually unboxed this and like it was
just like my genuine reaction to like
opening this stuff and seeing how it fit
and everything these shorts
i was jumping up and down literally
because these are my dream pair of
shorts so
i'll stop talking about them and show
them to you i guess you could consider
these bermuda they're not
white to the very top of your knees so
they're a little bit shorter than that
but they are like close to knee length
i love wearing shorts and so to find a
pair of shorts that are
longer in length because that's
personally what i like to wear and ones
that fit me well and that were
comfortable like everything just worked
out with these and they're like
the cutest black wash and i'm just so
excited to wear these in the summer time
i can't recommend them enough if you're
looking for a longer pair of shorts
i got one more pair of shorts and these
as well i was like
praying that these would fit me and like
look good and oh my gosh
they totally do so they're these brown
cut off these are
like more on the shorter side at least
for my personal taste but
they're so comfortable the color is
amazing i don't have anything in my
closet that is this color
and so if you're looking for a pair of
like fun colored shorts then you should
totally get these
i got one pair of jeans in this haul and
that is these
i ordered all of the shorts in a size
four i also
ordered these in a size four because the
other jeans that i have from princess
paulie
i have in a size four but i tried these
on and they're too small so i'd
recommend sizing up i'm going to send
these
back and get a size six instead because
they're just that cute and comfortable i
can't miss out on like
having these pair of jeans so i'm gonna
return them and get a different size i
think this top and these jeans would
go really well together i just love the
rips of the knees i don't have any black
drip jeans so i'm excited to
have these now last but not least for
the bottoms that i got at princess
paulie
i have this white tennis skirt i am
really excited to be wearing this at the
beach or even to play tennis
i have lots of friends on the tennis
team so even though this isn't a legit
tennis skirt i think it's really cute
these are definitely in style right now
there are a bunch of different styles on
princess paulie for tennis skirts
but for me personally this was my
favorite one i just love the thin
waistband there were a few
skirts on there that had like a drop
waist but personally i like
the higher waist and then pleated tennis
skirt
all right and for clothing items this is
the last one i got
it is the most beautiful sage dress
and this is so comfortable you guys
like i didn't realize how comfortable
this was gonna be i love the sleeves
it is a little bit shorter than knee
length so if you're wanting something
knee length i would find
something a little bit longer than this
but if you're looking for something
that's a little bit shorter it's perfect
that color is just amazing too i love
greens and that is just the most
beautiful sage green
moving on into accessories i got this
pink bucket hat
i've never owned a bucket hat before and
i i just like
you know i just had to this one was
really cute and i'm going to the beach
and i've never had one before and so
i just thought it would be fun to get
one this color just reminds me so much
of spring
and i just thought it would be really
fun so this is the bucket hat
that i got so again i'm going to the
beach soon
and i don't really own any sunglasses
so i got a pair of black sunglasses
anyway
these are really cute and i'm excited to
wear them because i don't have
any sunglasses currently so i'm excited
to have some sunglasses for jewelry this
time i got one pair of earrings little
hoop earrings they're more of like a
rectangular style which i think is super
cool
and like a new take on just plain hoop
earrings so if you're looking for
something a little different these are
perfect i will let you know they are a
little bit heavy
on your ears so just keep that in mind
when you're getting them i was also
expecting them to be a little bit
smaller so
just keep in mind that they're like like
an actual medium
sized hoop earring instead of like a
very small dainty one
okay guys i saved the absolute best for
last
i am obsessed
with the next thing i'm going to show
you the last thing that i got from
princess paulie
were these boots my gosh
these are so cute and so comfortable
i'm obsessed with them i've actually
already worn them quite a few times to
church already
and they're just the perfect black booty
like they're so comfortable
my feet didn't hurt at all when i was
wearing them i love the style and the
toe is like
a nice shape anyway moral of the story
you should get these boots if you
don't own a pair of black booties like
this is where it's at
that is everything that i got in this
princess paulie hall thank you so much
princess paulie for sponsoring today's
video and sending me these items
i absolutely loved everything that i got
and i am
so excited to wear them this spring if
you guys
would like to check out any of the stuff
that i got in this haul in particular
it will all be linked in the description
and if you're going to go get something
you might as well take 20 off your order
with code
riley so i love you guys so much i
really hope you enjoyed this haul
if you did make sure to give it a thumbs
up and subscribe down below if you're
new here
i make college videos and lifestyle
videos
so if that's something you're interested
in make sure you subscribe
all right i love you guys so much i hope
you're having
the best day and i will see you in my
next video
bye guys
[Music]
so
you